README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

enable making changes to a remote git repo

README.md, after:

# Git Operations App

The Git Operations App is a web application built with Next.js and TypeScript that allows users to perform basic Git operations like taking a Git repo URL as input, cloning a repository, making changes, and pushing changes back to the repository.

## Getting Started:

### **Prerequisites**

- Ensure you have Node.js installed on your machine.
- Install the required packages using the following command:

  ```bash
  npm install
  ```

### **Running the Application**

- Start the development server using the following command:

  ```bash
  npm run dev
  ```

### **Usage**

- Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`.
- Enter the URL of the Git repository in the provided input field.
- Click the Submit button to initiate the Git operations.

## Features:

- Allows users to input a Git repository URL.
- Performs Git operations: clone, make changes, and push changes back to the repository.
- Displays a message indicating the success or failure of the operations.
